Is this the Three Immortals Needle?
Dad?
I'm not dead yet.
Uncle Shen, you have a long life
Won't die
I remember.
Black and white impermanence has taken me to the underworld to meet the king of hell
I didn't expect that the Three Immortals Needle still has inheritance
It's a first-order universal
You are the real doctor, aren't you?
Didn't you say shit just now?
Sorry for my ignorance
Forgive my ignorance
Uncle god
The hospital is no longer of any help to you.
Let's go home and recuperate, I'll help you diagnose and treat it
Slow down.
Hey who music
Theological Hospital
If the request of the divine doctor is not good, why is there anything wrong?
Did the three immortals really come out?
There is a real doctor in the underworld
God is the Lord
If the magic of the Three Immortals is not cultivated, it will be crippled
Your medical ethics and qualifications are not good
Stop being delusional
Ah!
Can my father's lung cancer really be cured?
Lung cancer is not difficult to treat
The intractable thing is
How can it be more difficult to treat than lung cancer?